CLM-19069 New index task to save a module descriptor for Nexus IQ. (#99)
sonatype-nexus-community/scan-gradle-plugin: README.md

- Edit its `build.gradle` file adding this:
```
plugins {

>   id 'org.sonatype.gradle.plugins.scan' version '2.1.1' // Update the version as needed

Reviewer: We're updating the minor version because we're adding a backwards compatible feature right? Should the patch version be reset to 0? (or was there also some bug fixes?)

- Open Terminal on the project's root and run `./gradlew nexusIQScan`
- You should see the scan report URL report on Terminal.

### Nexus IQ Index

> Allow to save information about the dependencies of a project into a module information file (module.xml) that Sonatype CI tools can use to include these dependencies in a scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to save information about the dependencies of a project into a module information file (module.xml) that Sonatype CI tools can use to include these dependencies in a scan.
```

```
nexusIQIndex {

>      modulesExcluded = ['module-1', 'module-2'] // Optional. For multi-module projects, the names of the sub-modules to exclude from indexing.

Reviewer: Out of curiosity is this meant to be the equivalent of how maven can exclude modules during a build? e.g.

```
mvn com.sonatype.clm:clm-maven-plugin:index -pl "!clm-maven-plugin-its"
```

will exclude the `clm-maven-plugin-its` module from being indexed

Author: > Out of curiosity is this meant to be the equivalent of how maven can exclude modules during a build? e.g.
> 
> ```
> mvn com.sonatype.clm:clm-maven-plugin:index -pl "!clm-maven-plugin-its"
> ```
> 
> will exclude the `clm-maven-plugin-its` module from being indexed

Indeed. I'm using `modulesExcluded` because it's a name already used in another existing task.
